Improve README (#5)
LucasUTNFRD/Merkle-Tree: README.md

# Rusty Merkle Tree Implementation

Simple Merkle tree implementation in Rust.

## Installation

- Clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/LucasUTNFRD/Merkle-Tree.git && cd Merkle-Tree

> ```

Reviewer: I would like information on how to run the project. Do I need to use `make` or `cargo`?

Reviewer 2: This!! Very important as well

Author: Done

## Features

> - Create Merkle trees from any data that implements `AsRef<[u8]>`

Reviewer 2: This is a bit nitpicky, but this paragraph seems a bit off. What do you think of this?

```suggestion
- Create a Merkle Tree from any data type that implements the trait `AsRef<[u8]>`.
```

> - Generate Merkle proofs for leaf verification

Reviewer 2: Once again, a bit nitpicky; but this paragraph seems a bit off. Specially _"for leaf verification"_.

Maybe expanding on what those verifications mean would be wise. 

What _does_ it verify? It's existence? A set of properties?

Author: I made it more simpler now. Let me know if you think i should explain in detail what everything does, i assumed that the one who uses this is someone familiar with Merkle Tree.

- Verify Merkle proofs
- Add new elements to existing trees

> - Generic implementation supporting different data types

Reviewer 2: Maybe it's just me, but I think this paragraph is a bit redundant considering that the second item says:
"Create Merkle trees from any data that implements `AsRef<[u8]>`"

> - Uses SHA3-256 for secure hashing

Reviewer 2: I think it would be a nice touch if you provided a link to the library you use. Very minor, but there are many libraries that implement _some_ type of SHA3 implementation.

Also, I do not understand the meaning of "secure" here. Is it the right word in this context?

## API

### Creating a New Merkle Tree

```rust
let merkle = MerkleTree::new(&data)?;
```

### Generating a Proof

```rust
let proof = merkle.generate_proof(&element)?;
```

### Verifying a Proof

```rust
let is_valid = merkle.verify_proof(&element, &proof);
```

### Adding New Elements

```rust
merkle.add(new_element);

> ```

Reviewer 2: Lovely example!!! These are always great!

However, what do you think about making a single code block and putting all your code inside it? Then, when people use your library they can simple copy and paste your example.

Plus, you can use the explanation in the subtitles as code comments inside the block. Something like:

```rust
int main() {
    // Create a new Merkle Tree
    let merkle = MerkleTree::new(&data)?;
}
```
